This is from the two assassins
You still have to talk
This guy is still holding such a heavy weight in his hand
Evidence I underestimate him
No wonder he is so calm
Couldn't you have forged this concubine?
Your Majesty
What Mr. Qian said is not unreasonable
If a letter can be used as evidence
Then if Qin Feiyang finds someone to imitate Wei Chen's handwriting
Isn't that my dignified prime minister?
I'm going to kill the concubine too
not good
Master Consort and Master Qian are now public and reasonable
Grandma says grandma is right
It's hard to tell right from wrong for a while
The son has a suggestion
Any suggestions?
Prime Minister and Qian Family
Aren't you in charge of fundraising?
Let Qin Feiyang also raise a collection
Just 1 million two
Within a limited time
If he Qin Feiyang raises money
Then even if he is drunk and meritorious
If not
It's not too late to pay the frontier again
Jin Feiyang
Do you dare to agree?
It's all arranged by His Majesty
Please fly my order to collect 1 million two within ten days
If it becomes
Humph
An ignorant trash sent by
I also want to raise 1 million two
It's just a dream
I am here
The surname is Qin, you are waiting to be sent to the frontier